 Well, hey there! So, I've been on this little coffee-finding adventure today, and let me tell you, it was quite the journey. You see, I started off with a few things in my toolkit - I had my staff card, my own card, I knew that my colleague was around somewhere, I had some cash, and our boss was in the office. Sounds like a pretty good setup for getting a nice cup of coffee, right?

Now, here's the thing. I wanted to get some coffee, but not just any coffee - I wanted the best quality, and I didn't want to spend too much or waste too much time. So, naturally, I considered a few options on how to go about this little mission.

First off, I could have gone straight for the coffee shop and paid with my own card (payShop). But here's the catch - paying at the shop isn't exactly allowed when we have other ways to get coffee around here. So, that option was out of the question. Besides, I wanted to save some money if possible.

Next up, I thought about using my staff card to grab a free cup from the kitchen (getKitchenCoffee). However, I soon realized that it wasn't an option because our boss was in the office and we don't have free coffee when she's around. Bummer, but no biggie.

So then I thought, "Hey, maybe I can use my own card to get some cash from the ATM and swing by the coffee shop." But wait, there are a few other ways to get coffee that might be faster and cheaper than that. So, I decided to keep exploring my options.

Now, here's where things started getting interesting. I remembered that we had some coffee in the break room, so I went over there to check it out. But alas, it was all gone! Oh well, at least I tried.

Next, I thought about asking my colleague if they wanted to chip in and grab some coffee together. But then I realized that I really wanted a coffee to myself, and I also knew that my colleague had their own way of getting coffee, so I didn't want to impose.

So, with no coffee in sight and no easy way to get some from the kitchen or the shop, I started thinking about my last option - going to the kitchen where we keep the coffee maker and making a cup myself (getCoffeeKitchen). But here's the thing: I knew that if I made a cup of coffee, it wouldn't be as good as what the coffee shop offers. Plus, I didn't want to waste too much time, and making coffee can take a bit of time.

So, in the end, I decided to head over to the kitchen and make myself a cup of coffee (getCoffeeKitchen). It wasn't ideal, but it was the best option I had given my initial beliefs and preferences. Plus, it was better than going without coffee altogether! And hey, at least I saved some money and didn't waste time standing in line at the coffee shop.

So that's the story of how I ended up making myself a cup of coffee from the kitchen today. It wasn't my first choice, but it was what worked best given the situation. Hope you have better luck finding your coffee tomorrow!